# Secured-Control-Protocol
Open-Source Encrypted Mailbox and Server using AES-256 Encryption.
<br/>
## Description
This Protocol made with Java.Can Encrypt Your Traffic Through SCP Network.You can make a Ping,Get IP,DoS Attack Anonymously.
This Project Also Supports Mailbox Communication.Send E-Mails Anonymously using AES Encryption To Your Friend.For FREE.
<br/>
All requests generated by the client to **Dest.** is sent by SCP not the USER. Ex.:DoS Attack is made by the SCP IP Address not the
Client Address.
<br/>**SCP** Supports TOR Communication,So The Route is:
<br/>USER --> SCP --> TOR --> Dest.
<br/>You can Set TOR as Proxy on the SCP Server. [Read More Here](http://www.privoxy.org/faq/misc.html#TOR) [And Here](https://2019.www.torproject.org/docs/faq.html.en#TBBSocksPort)
<br/>This Project is made by Morad Abdelrasheed Mokhtar. 14 Years Old Java Programmer. Net-Neutrality Activist.
<br/>You can Edit this Project or Copy it.But You have to Add A Changelog,And Add the Developer and the link for the Main Project.
<br/>**No More WireShark-Sniffing** This Project sends packets Encrypted with AES-256 (**USER** to **SCP** Only).
<br/>You have to know the **SCP** Encryption Key. Or the Communication Won't work !
<br/>*Recommended* When you set **SCP** Encryption Key. Use a Key that doesn't have Patterns like 123 or abc .And use Symbols.
<br/>*No Activity Logs are saved.Go Away Lovely Govs.* XDD
<br/>Feel Free to contact us at : morad.gill@gmail.com
#### Compiled With:
openjdk version "11.0.3" 2019-04-16
OpenJDK Runtime Environment (build 11.0.3+1-Debian-1)
OpenJDK 64-Bit Server VM (build 11.0.3+1-Debian-1, mixed mode, sharing)
